hey everyone I'm Shane with live and
hunt TV we want to take a couple of
minutes and show you this new bore
squeegee cleaning system that Remington
has whether we're out in the field or in
the shop this is the only cleaning
system that we use it comes in this nice
compact little duffel bag and as you can
see it has everything you need to clean
your gun in the front it has all the
squeegees that they have designed for
your gun plus all the brushes for all
calibers if you turn it on this side
here as you can see we have cables no
matter whether you have long rifles
shorter rifles or even a pistol and a
t-handle plus some brushes to clean your
gun we're going to turn it around and on
this side as everything else you need it
has your clean it has your you just your
oil for your gun for keeping it clean
it has your rim all in one oil bore
cleaner that we'll be using and it has
it has a cloth here for you to use to
wipe your gun down and the best thing is
is that inside here we actually have
they have a really nice pad that lays
out that you put underneath you on your
gun you're working on everything so that
it lays down and it catches all the
grime and the following that comes out
and the best part of it is is that
inside here there's enough room so that
when you have everything all stored up
together and everything zipped up
but there's other things that you have
you can either you can put them in here
there's plenty of room as you can see
just pack it up put it in there and it's
a real tight compacted case you can goes
with you everywhere all right I have
everything laid out here that we're
going to need to clean this model 707 mm
ultra mag we have our rim all in one
bore cleaner that we're going to use
with the brush and the thing that it's
really important is to follow the
directions but on each brush is is
inscribed the actual caliber of gun that
this but this brush will work with we
have our squeegee that we're going to
use to finish cleaning up the gun again
you can see this says 7m on it for seven
millimeter we have our t-handle and we
have our long rifle cleaning cable that
we're going to use to clean it with
now that our boar is clean we're gonna
run our cable back through we've already
run our brush with the more cleaning oil
on it several times it's clean so we're
going to feed the cable back through it
back up here again this time is this is
what we're going to use we're going to
use a squeegee this is really neat
system because it doesn't require any
patches and we've all known we'd rather
had two larger patches to small or we
run out of them well this cleaning
system doesn't need any patches so what
we're gonna do is we're going to feed it
through here now this is very important
that when you pull this through you pull
it through in one solid motion and don't
stop it's just one solid motion we're
gonna pull it through this squeegee is
going to capture all the oils and you
let any fouling or anything that's left
in the barrel is gonna pull it all out
so here we go gonna pull this out just
like that
and as you can see left on this squeegee
here is when we pull it out this is a
really neat design because of the ridges
and how tight it is is that the first
one you can see where most of the dirt
and grime or any following that was left
in the barrel was right there and then
as you keep going up as you can see
you're getting less and less and it's
just on the outside so what this has
done is this has taken any fouling or
any oils or any cleaning agents inside
this barrel just pull it all out with
this tool here without the use of a
patch I wanna check out more about this
product go to Remington calm